we felt that making change at all was
the best thing we needed some disruption
and we felt the healthiest way to do
that is through removing Tony from the
head coach positions well it's the end
of week 9 with coverage brought to you
by Omni / I'm Jane right now by Nick
Allen from CLG who helps run that team
and help is a strong word either way
full disclosure Nick and I are good
friends that go way back and have done
content that stuff before so whatever
you want out of that Nick CLG pre
disappointing run in the second half of
the split not moving on to playoffs just
a tough year for the team Oh what what
is sort of your take on everything that
happened and sort of the state of the
organization at this point yeah it was a
rough split I think the fans have
already said most of this for us
basically and our subreddit just
destroying us but we didn't live up to
expectations we wanted to succeed
obviously we didn't we wanted to least
make playoffs after missing it last but
we couldn't couldn't even do that so
disappointing split is an understatement
we're all pretty devastated at how
things shook out at least we were able
to close out the the season strong with
a - OH
in this last weekend what what do you
attribute the losses and sort of poor
performance - yeah it's hard to pinpoint
one specific thing I just think we were
not doing a lot of things well I think
we weren't using our time as wisely as
possible we weren't having the best
strategies in game it's clear we had a
really strong early game when it came to
mid game we struggled and that
transition was really hard and we just
didn't have the ability to correct that
mistake that we've had some challenges
with shock calling the day all the way
back towards the to the beginning of
last split so there's a lot of little
things that add up into just big
challenges for the team and you know
it's such a heartbreaker being up in so
many games and then I'm losing the game
in the mid game like the roller coaster
is just
is vicious one of the interesting
comments that I read which I couldn't
help but sort of relate to confusion on
is the departure of Tony and I think it
was after week 7 so there were two more
weeks left and it feels like a strange
move to me this is what the comment
described because if there were concerns
about the coaching situation or it felt
like the team needed a change why not
make that change either earlier or just
finish out the split with them because
given that there were only two weeks
left and really only one that super
mattered you know doesn't it feel kind
of non secants consequential to make a
coaching change at that time well there
was as of last weekend the start of last
week and a chance that we could make it
to playoffs till we fell our trajectory
up to that point losing six games in a
row obviously was not gonna cut it and
we we felt that making change at all was
the best thing we needed some disruption
and we felt the healthiest way to do
that is through removing Tony from the
head coach position so obviously not an
easy decision but that was a time where
we said like hey if we're gonna you know
do something pretty significant to the
team in order for us to potentially make
the playoffs this is the weekend to do
it like let's make it happen so I know
there was a lot of questions on why now
but that's like you know the biggest
reason and in general you know I think
it was challenging for us because we
were seeing so much success like in the
scrim situation obviously that isn't
very telling especially as you seen our
schedule where our results right we've
done so well this year or in scrims and
then go onto stage we don't perform well
so it's hard to know like hey we're not
seeing the same inconsistencies and
challenges in practice that we're seeing
on this stage and as a result we just we
kept we kept thinking we could turn it
around we were gonna figure it out and
we're gonna make it happen and every
time we'd have a losing weekend we jump
into scrims and things seem to be going
really well
if there wasn't enough of that until
that was really a serious pattern for us
that we opted to make some some changes
so I that kind of makes sense to me that
you know given the scrims you'd have our
time it just it's also it's interesting
because this split see
to be a split of change in that we saw
so many teams willing to make what we're
considered by fans usually a very
aggressive changes early on we sought
cloud 9 which every week felt like a
slot machine and what their roster was
gonna be and and just do you feel like
the team are sealed you should have been
more proactive and sort of embrace
change the way we saw other teams and
other organizations earlier in the split
yeah in hindsight hindsight is 20/20
yeah I think we've made some changes we
finished out with a 2a weekend you know
it's not it's a data point amongst many
we also played against weaker teams in
the league so but we did see some
positive results with changes knowing
where we are now we'll obviously would
not want to do this again so looking
back we absolutely would want to make
some changes and shake things up I think
going forward one of our missions is
really to have really deep integration
between our Academy and LCS teams
something that we had at a like a much
lighter level going into over this last
split this season frankly and so that's
one way I think that we can start to
better understand what if we are gonna
make aggressive changes in what ways
should we be doing that which we set our
goals to be like how I think cloud 9 did
some really interesting things with
preparing certain rosters for certain
teams and giving them huge amounts of
runway in that preparation so again in
hindsight we saw success with shake-up
so we also saw some failures with
shake-up so it goes both ways but we
should have actually we should have made
some changes earlier and then darshan
kinda hinted at the idea in his
interview that there were going to be
changes between this split and next year
certainly makes sense given the results
are you able to certainly I can't I'm
not expecting you to say well we're
dropping these players and picking up
these players but can you give any
insight until the type of changes that
you guys would be looking to make yeah
so we are still working through what
what the changes are gonna be but I mean
we would be foolish to continue on with
what we have right now into the into
next year and expect to have better
results like that has proven to not work
for us so there are certainly will be
changes going into next year you know
what those are I'm not sure I do think
in some ways we lack sort of that strong
shotcalling vault voice in in game
but that could be you know other people
stepping up with the right coaching and
mentorship it could be yet bringing
someone new so I think that's a priority
for us but in general you know these
offseason shake ups there's tons of
movement there's tons of talent out
there and you know we won't know really
until we get into it what our best
options look like do you feel there's
ton of talent out there because I I
worry for teams that have struggled this
year I feel like a lot of the other
teams during the break did a pretty good
job of locking up a lot of talent you I
think there there were potentially EU
players that are considering going back
certainly franchising happening over
there
might be an interesting impact on on the
willingness of you talent to play over
here I don't know you're not seemingly
concerned by this no I think from a
global perspective there's a lot of
opportunity out there so whether it's
pulling players out of Europe or Korea
or otherwise I think you know North
America has struggled I would say to
develop talent over the past you know a
few years and but we'll do we need to do
get the right players in the right
positions including looking outside of
North America is there anything you
would say to any of the CLG fans out
there yeah truly sorry for disappointing
split we we worked really really hard
the players worked really really hard to
turn it around or attempt to turn it
around we couldn't make it happen but we
learned a lot in the process so next
split is gonna be exciting it's
interesting I'm gonna miss the LCS for
was it three or four months now because
I'm not playing wow like all you all you
guys so I got plenty to do but in
general thanks for sticking with us next
year will be definitely an improvement
and you guys really stuck up with it
stuck through it with a fruit stuck with
it through it with us
this year and we do appreciate all your
fandom really do aren't you playing
Monster Hunter instead of well time to
wrap up the interview check out the rest
of my coverage of all the things eSports
right here on my youtube channel hey
hope you enjoyed that interview I
certainly did I I'm actually gonna
rewatch it several several several times
after this anyway my point is I want to
say thanks to Omni slash
for supporting this content and also
wanted to mention something to you if
you're running adblock on this YouTube
channel right now that's sad but I've
got away at what you can make me happy
if you have Amazon Prime you can get
twitch Prime you just link your Amazon
primary twitch account you can link
click the twitch link in the YouTube
description and give me your FREE
Twitter Prime that's actually kind of
cool anyway thanks again omni slash
thanks for watching that's it